Replace yeatmanlab with tractometry wherever that appears. (#2)
tractometry/pyAFQ: docs/source/howto/usage/kwargs.rst

bundle_info: strings, dict, or BundleDict, optional
	List of bundle names to include in segmentation,
	or a bundle dictionary (see BundleDict for inspiration),

> 	or a BundleDict. See `Defining Custom Bundle Dictionaries <https://tractometry.github.io/pyAFQ/reference/bundledict.html>`_

Author: ```suggestion
	or a BundleDict. See `Defining Custom Bundle Dictionaries <https://tractometry.org/pyAFQ/reference/bundledict.html>`_
```

viz_backend_spec: str, optional
	Which visualization backend to use.
	See Visualization Backends page in documentation for details:

> 	https://tractometry.github.io/pyAFQ/usage/viz_backend.html

Author: ```suggestion
	https://tractometry.org/pyAFQ/usage/viz_backend.html
```
